---
subcategory: "EDAS"
layout: "alicloud"
page_title: "Alicloud: alicloud_edas_namespaces"
sidebar_current: "docs-alicloud-datasource-edas-namespaces"
description: |-
  Provides a list of Edas Namespaces to the user.
---

# alicloud\_edas\_namespaces

This data source provides the Edas Namespaces of the current Alibaba Cloud user.

-> **NOTE:** Available in v1.173.0+.

## Example Usage

Basic Usage

```terraform
data "alicloud_edas_namespaces" "ids" {
  ids = ["example_id"]
}
output "edas_namespace_id_1" {
  value = data.alicloud_edas_namespaces.ids.namespaces.0.id
}

data "alicloud_edas_namespaces" "nameRegex" {
  name_regex = "^my-Namespace"
}
output "edas_namespace_id_2" {
  value = data.alicloud_edas_namespaces.nameRegex.namespaces.0.id
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `ids` - (Optional, ForceNew, Computed)  A list of Namespace IDs.
* `name_regex` - (Optional, ForceNew) A regex string to filter results by Namespace name.
* `output_file` - (Optional) File name where to save data source results (after running `terraform plan`).

## Argument Reference

The following attributes are exported in addition to the arguments listed above:

* `names` - A list of Namespace names.
* `namespaces` - A list of Edas Namespaces. Each element contains the following attributes:
  * `debug_enable` - Indicates whether remote debugging is allowed in this region.
  * `description` - The description of the namespace.
  * `id` - The ID of the resource.
  * `namespace_id` - The unique ID of the namespace generated by Enterprise Distributed Application Service (EDAS).
  * `namespace_logical_id` - The ID of the namespace. **Note:** The ID cannot be changed after the namespace is created. The ID is in the format of `Physical region ID:Logical region identifier`.
  * `namespace_name` - The name of the namespace.
  * `user_id` - The ID of the Alibaba Cloud account to which the namespace belongs.
  * `belong_region` - The ID of the physical region to which the namespace belongs.