---
subcategory: "Elastic Desktop Service(EDS)"
layout: "alicloud"
page_title: "Alicloud: alicloud_ecd_ad_connector_directory"
sidebar_current: "docs-alicloud-resource-ecd-ad-connector-directory"
description: |-
  Provides a Alicloud ECD Ad Connector Directory resource.
---

# alicloud\_ecd\_ad\_connector\_directory

Provides a ECD Ad Connector Directory resource.

For information about ECD Ad Connector Directory and how to use it, see [What is Ad Connector Directory](https://help.aliyun.com/document_detail/436791.html).

-> **NOTE:** Available in v1.174.0+.

## Example Usage

Basic Usage

```terraform
data "alicloud_ecd_zones" "default" {}
data "alicloud_vpcs" "default" {
  name_regex = "default-NODELETING"
}
data "alicloud_vswitches" "default" {
  vpc_id  = data.alicloud_vpcs.default.ids.0
  zone_id = data.alicloud_ecd_zones.default.ids.0
}
resource "alicloud_ecd_ad_connector_directory" "default" {
  directory_name         = var.name
  desktop_access_type    = "INTERNET"
  dns_address            = ["127.0.0.2"]
  domain_name            = "corp.example.com"
  domain_password        = "YourPassword1234"
  domain_user_name       = "sAMAccountName"
  enable_admin_access    = false
  mfa_enabled            = false
  specification          = 1
  sub_domain_dns_address = ["127.0.0.3"]
  sub_domain_name        = "child.example.com"
  vswitch_ids            = [data.alicloud_vswitches.default.ids.0]
}
```
## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `directory_name` - (Required, ForceNew) The name of the directory. The name must be 2 to 255 characters in length. It must start with a letter but cannot start with `http://` or `https://`. It can contain letters, digits, colons (:), underscores (_), and hyphens (-).
* `desktop_access_type` - (Optional, ForceNew, Computed) The desktop access type. Valid values: `VPC`, `INTERNET`, `ANY`.
* `dns_address` - (Required, ForceNew) The DNS address list.
* `domain_name` - (Required, ForceNew) The name of the domain.
* `domain_password` - (Required, Sensitive) The user password of the domain administrator. The maximum number of English characters is 64.
* `domain_user_name` - (Required, ForceNew) The username of the domain administrator. The maximum number of English characters is 64.
* `enable_admin_access` - (Optional, ForceNew, Computed) Whether to grant local administrator rights to users who use cloud desktops.
* `mfa_enabled` - (Optional, ForceNew, Computed) Whether MFA authentication is enabled. After all AD users in this directory log on to the cloud desktop, enter the correct password and then enter the dynamic verification code generated by the MFA device. **NOTE:** The MFA device needs to be bound when logging in for the first time.
* `specification` - (Optional) The AD Connector specifications. Valid values: `1`, `2`.
* `sub_domain_dns_address` - (Optional, ForceNew) The Enterprise already has the DNS address of the AD subdomain. If `sub_domain_name` is set and this parameter is not set, the child Domain DNS is considered consistent with the parent domain.
* `sub_domain_name` - (Optional, ForceNew) The Enterprise already has a fully qualified domain name (FQDN) of an AD subdomain, with both a host name and a domain name.
* `vswitch_ids` - (Required, ForceNew) List of VSwitch IDs in the directory.

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:

* `id` - The resource ID in terraform of Ad Connector Directory.
* `status` - The status of directory.

### Timeouts

The `timeouts` block allows you to specify [timeouts](https://www.terraform.io/docs/configuration-0-11/resources.html#timeouts) for certain actions:

* `create` - (Defaults to 1 mins) Used when create the Ad Connector Directory.
* `delete` - (Defaults to 3 mins) Used when delete the Ad Connector Directory.

## Import

ECD Ad Connector Directory can be imported using the id, e.g.

```
$ terraform import alicloud_ecd_ad_connector_directory.example <id>
```