---
subcategory: "PAI Workspace"
layout: "alicloud"
page_title: "Alicloud: alicloud_pai_workspace_dataset"
description: |-
  Provides a Alicloud PAI Workspace Dataset resource.
---

# alicloud_pai_workspace_dataset

Provides a PAI Workspace Dataset resource.



For information about PAI Workspace Dataset and how to use it, see [What is Dataset](https://www.alibabacloud.com/help/en/).

-> **NOTE:** Available since v1.236.0.

## Example Usage

Basic Usage

```terraform
provider "alicloud" {
  region = "cn-hangzhou"
}

variable "name" {
  default = "terraform_example"
}

resource "alicloud_pai_workspace_workspace" "defaultWorkspace" {
  description    = var.name
  display_name   = var.name
  workspace_name = var.name
  env_types      = ["prod"]
}


resource "alicloud_pai_workspace_dataset" "default" {
  options          = jsonencode({ "mountPath" : "/mnt/data/" })
  description      = var.name
  accessibility    = "PRIVATE"
  dataset_name     = var.name
  data_source_type = "NAS"
  source_type      = "ITAG"
  workspace_id     = alicloud_pai_workspace_workspace.defaultWorkspace.id
  data_type        = "PIC"
  property         = "DIRECTORY"
  uri              = "nas://086b649545.cn-hangzhou/"
  source_id        = "d-xxxxx_v1"
  user_id          = "1511928242963727"
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:
* `accessibility` - (Optional, Computed) Workspace visibility. The following values are supported:
  - PRIVATE (default): indicates that the workspace is visible to itself and the administrator.
  - PUBLIC: The workspace is visible to all users.
* `data_source_type` - (Required, ForceNew) The data source type. The following values are supported:
  - OSS: Alibaba Cloud Object Storage (OSS).
  - NAS: Alibaba cloud file storage (NAS).
* `data_type` - (Optional, ForceNew, Computed) The dataset type. The default value is COMMON. The following values are supported:
  - COMMON: COMMON.
  - PIC: picture.
  - TEXT: TEXT.
  - VIDEO: VIDEO.
  - AUDIO: AUDIO.
* `dataset_name` - (Required) The name of the dataset. The naming rules are as follows:
  - Start with a lowercase letter, uppercase letter, number, or Chinese.
  - Can contain an underscore (_) or a dash (-).
  - 1~127 characters in length.
* `description` - (Optional) Custom descriptions of datasets to distinguish between different datasets.
* `labels` - (Optional, List) Labels added to the dataset See [`labels`](#labels) below.
* `options` - (Optional) The extended field, which is of the JsonString type.

  When DLC uses a dataset, you can specify the default Mount path for the dataset by configuring the mountPath field.
* `property` - (Required, ForceNew) The properties of the dataset. The following values are supported:
  - FILE: FILE.
  - DIRECTORY: folder.
* `source_id` - (Optional, ForceNew) The data source ID.
  - When the SourceType is USER, SourceId can be customized.
  - When SourceType is ITAG, that is, when the iTAG module labels the data set generated by the result, SourceId is the task ID of ITAG.
  - When SourceType is PAI_PUBLIC_DATASET, that is, a dataset created using PAI public datasets, SourceId is empty by default.
* `source_type` - (Optional, ForceNew, Computed) The data source type. The default value is USER. The following values are supported:
  - PAI-PUBLIC-DATASET:PAI public dataset.
  - ITAG: The dataset generated by the iTAG module annotation result.
  - USER: The data set registered by the USER.
* `uri` - (Required, ForceNew) The Uri configuration sample is as follows:
  - The data source type is OSS:'oss:// bucket.endpoint/object'
  - The data source type is NAS:

  The general NAS format is: 'nas://.region/subpath/to/dir/';

  CPFS1.0:'nas://.region/subpath/to/dir /';

  CPFS2.0:'nas://.region//'.

  CPFS1.0 and CPFS2.0 are distinguished by the format of fsid: CPFS1.0 is cpfs-;CPFS2.0 is cpfs-.
* `user_id` - (Optional, ForceNew) The ID of the dataset owner.
* `workspace_id` - (Required, ForceNew) The ID of the workspace where the dataset is located. For details about how to obtain the workspace ID, see [ListWorkspaces](~~ 449124 ~~).

  If this parameter is not configured, the default workspace is used. If the default workspace does not exist, an error is reported.

### `labels`

The labels supports the following:
* `key` - (Optional) The key of the tag. The length is limited to 128 bytes. "=" and "," are not supported.
* `value` - (Optional) The value of the tag. The length is limited to 128 bytes. "=" and "," are not supported.

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:
* `id` - The ID of the resource supplied above.
* `create_time` - The creation time of the resource

## Timeouts

The `timeouts` block allows you to specify [timeouts](https://www.terraform.io/docs/configuration-0-11/resources.html#timeouts) for certain actions:
* `create` - (Defaults to 5 mins) Used when create the Dataset.
* `delete` - (Defaults to 5 mins) Used when delete the Dataset.
* `update` - (Defaults to 5 mins) Used when update the Dataset.

## Import

PAI Workspace Dataset can be imported using the id, e.g.

```shell
$ terraform import alicloud_pai_workspace_dataset.example <id>
```