---
subcategory: "Threat Detection"
layout: "alicloud"
page_title: "Alicloud: alicloud_threat_detection_check_config"
sidebar_current: "docs-alicloud-resource-threat-detection-check-config"
description: |-
  Provides a Alicloud Threat Detection Check Configresource.
---

# alicloud_threat_detection_check_config

Provides a Threat Detection Check Config resource.

For information about Threat Detection Check Config and how to use it, see [What is Backup Policy](https://www.alibabacloud.com/help/en/security-center/developer-reference/api-sas-2018-12-03-changecheckconfig).

-> **NOTE:** Available since v1.266.0.

## Example Usage

Basic Usage

```terraform
resource "alicloud_threat_detection_check_config" "default" {

  system_config     = false
  start_time        = 12
  end_time          = 18
  enable_auto_check = true
  enable_add_check  = true
  cycle_days        = [7, 1, 2]
  vendors           = ["ALIYUN"]
  configure         = "not"
  removed_check {
    check_id   = 370
    section_id = 515
  }

  added_check {
    check_id   = 5
    section_id = 384
  }
  config_standard_ids {
    add_ids    = [1, 2]
    remove_ids = [3]
  }

  config_requirement_ids {
    add_ids    = [1, 2, 3]
    remove_ids = [4]
  }

}

```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `enable_auto_check` - (Optional, Bool) Whether automatic cycle detection is enabled. Values available:
  - `true`: On.
  - `false`: off.
* `enable_add_check` - (Optional, Bool) Whether to check by default when there are new check items in the selected regulation. Values available:
  - `true`: On.
  - `false`: off.
* `start_time` - (Optional, Int) The start time of the check. The value specifies a point in time in a day.
* `end_time` - (Optional, Int) Check the end time of the time period, which indicates the time of day. The start time and end time of the query can only be selected in the following time range.

-> **0~6** When the start time is 0, the end time must be set to 6 o'clock on the current day.
-> **6~12** When the start time is 6, the end time needs to be set to 12:00 on the current day.
-> **12~18** When the start time is 12, the end time needs to be set to 18 o'clock on the current day.
-> **18~24** When the start time is 18, the end time needs to be set to 24 hours of the current day..

* `cycle_days` - (Optional, List) Cycle detection time.
* `system_config` - (Optional, Bool) Specifies whether to use the configuration automatically generated by the system. Valid values:
    - `true`: On.
    - `false`: off.
* `configure` - (Optional) The configuration of the check item. Valid value:
    - `all`: Add all check items.
* `vendors` - (Optional, List) The cloud service provider. Valid values:
  - `ALIYUN`: an asset provided by Alibaba Cloud.
  - `TENCENT`: an asset provided by Tencent Cloud.
  - `AWS`: an asset provided by Amazon Web Services (AWS).
* `config_standard_ids` - (Optional) The standard IDs that you want to specify for the check policy.See [`config_standard_ids`](#config_standard_ids) below.
>  You can call the [ListCheckResult](~~ListCheckResult~~) operation to obtain the standard ID.
* `config_requirement_ids` - (Optional) The requirement IDs that you want to specify for the check policy.See [`config_requirement_ids`](#config_requirement_ids) below.
>  You can call the [ListCheckResult](~~ListCheckResult~~) operation to obtain the requirement ID. If the ConfigStandardIds parameter is configured, this parameter does not take effect.
* `removed_check` - (Optional) The list of the check items that you want to remove from the policy.See [`removed_check`](#removed_check) below.
>  If the ConfigStandardIds or ConfigRequirementIds parameter is configured, this parameter does not take effect.
* `added_check` - (Optional) The list of check items that you want to add to the policy.See [`added_check`](#added_check) below.
>  If the ConfigStandardIds or ConfigRequirementIds parameter is configured, this parameter does not take effect.

### `config_standard_ids`

The config_standard_ids supports the following:
* `add_ids` - (Optional, List) The standard IDs that you want to add to the policy.
* `remove_ids` - (Optional, List) The standard IDs that you want to remove from the policy.

### `config_requirement_ids`

The config_requirement_ids supports the following:
* `add_ids` - (Optional, List) The standard IDs that you want to add to the policy.
* `remove_ids` - (Optional, List) The standard IDs that you want to remove from the policy.


### `added_check`

The added_check supports the following:
* `check_id` - (Optional, Int) The ID of the check item.

>  You can call the [ListCheckResult](~~ListCheckResult~~) operation to obtain the ID of the check item.

* `section_id` - (Optional, Int) The section ID of the check item.

### `removed_check`

The removed_check supports the following:
* `check_id` - (Optional, Int) The ID of the check item.

>  You can call the [ListCheckResult](~~ListCheckResult~~) operation to obtain the ID of the check item.

* `section_id` - (Optional, Int) The section ID of the check item.


## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:

* `id` - The resource ID in terraform of Check Config.

## Timeouts

The `timeouts` block allows you to specify [timeouts](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/resources/syntax#operation-timeouts) for certain actions:

* `create` - (Defaults to 5 mins) Used when create the Backup Policy.
* `update` - (Defaults to 5 mins) Used when update the Backup Policy.

## Import

Threat Detection Check Config can be imported using the id, e.g.

```shell
$ terraform import alicloud_threat_detection_check_config.example <id>
```
